updates how to run temporal CLI (#1933)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/clusters/how-to-install-temporal-cli.md

---
id: how-to-install-temporal-cli
title: How to install Temporal CLI and run a development server
sidebar_label: Run a development server
---

> The following section describes how to install the [Temporal CLI](/cli) and start a development server that you can
> interact with the [Temporal Client](/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-client) APIs, [Web UI](/web-ui), and [CLI](/cli)
> commands to test and develop applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to install the [Temporal CLI](/cli) and run a development Cluster.
The local development Cluster comes packaged with the [Temporal Web UI](/web-ui).
```

> **For information on deploying a [production environment](/cluster-deployment-guide), see the [Temporal Cloud](/cloud)
> documentation.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on deploying and running a production Cluster, see the [Cluster deployment guide](/cluster-deployment-guide), or sign up for [Temporal Cloud](/cloud) and let us run your production Cluster for you.
```

> Temporal CLI is a tool for interacting with Temporal from the command line and a distribution of Temporal server and web
> UI that runs as a single process with zero runtime dependencies. It supports persistence to disk and in-memory mode
> through SQLite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal CLI is a tool for interacting with a Temporal Cluster from the command line and it includes a distribution of the Temporal Server and Web UI.
This local development Cluster runs as a single process with zero runtime dependencies and it supports persistence to disk and in-memory mode through SQLite.
```
